Very often when you're
building web applications,
you will need to deal
with asynchronous values.
That is to say you're fetching
some data over the network and
it's represented as a promise.
And that's often quite
difficult inside templates.
So Svelte introduces something called
the await block, which is a way of
handling promises natively,
right inside your template markup.
So here we have a promise which is getting
a random number from this API end-point.
It gets the number and
then it resolves the fetch and
then if the response was okay it
returns the value of the API response.
And if it didn't work for whatever reason,
which sometimes it doesn't,
because this endpoint is programmed in
such a way that it will occasionally fail
just to demonstrate the point that we're
making, it will throw an error instead.
So we can have a promise
that can resolve or reject.
And whenever we click this button is
gonna get us a new random number.
So we're right now, we're just putting
the promise right there on a template and
it's showing up as an object promise
string, which is not very helpful.
We're gonna replace that
with the await block.
So far we've got the waiting section so
this is when the promise is still pending.
This is what is visible.
When we've got the value that we want,
we pass it to the then
close of your await block.
All right, so
you'll see what happened there.
It went away to get the data took
a little while to come back, but
when it did resolve, it prints the number
to the screen, generate another one.
It's gonna wait a little bit and then it's
going to print the number to the screen.
Sometimes it will go wrong.
So we need to have a catch clause as well.
And inside the catch clause we
have access to an error and
if that happens Will print
the error message to the screen.
I don't have time to keep taking
us back for when that happens, so
what I'm gonna do is.
Gonna open my data tools and
turn everything offline.
So now in theory,
when I click generate random number is
gonna give us an error, fail to fetch.
Okay, so this is a really easy way of
structuring code that needs to deal with
asynchronous values.